Update CL functions docs: removal of inline secrets (#1229)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/pages/chainlink-functions/tutorials/api-use-secrets-offchain.mdx

import { Aside } from "@components"
import ChainlinkFunctions from "@features/chainlink-functions/common/ChainlinkFunctions.astro"

> As explained in the [Using Secrets in Requests guide](/chainlink-functions/tutorials/api-use-secrets), the Chainlink Functions starter kit shares encrypted secrets off-chain with a Decentralized Oracle Network (DON) using [gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists/creating-gists). This tutorial shows you how to share encrypted secrets off-chain with a Decentralized Oracle Network (DON) using another storage such as AWS S3, Google Drive, IPFS, or any other service where the DON can fetch them via HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained in the [Using Secrets in Requests guide](/chainlink-functions/tutorials/api-use-secrets), the Chainlink Functions starter kit shares encrypted secrets off-chain with a Decentralized Oracle Network (DON) using [gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists/creating-gists). This tutorial shows you how to share encrypted secrets off-chain with a Decentralized Oracle Network (DON) using another storage platform such as AWS S3, Google Drive, IPFS, or any other service where the DON can fetch secrets via HTTP.
```

   git checkout tutorial-7
   ```

1. Get a free API key from [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/api/).
1. Run `npx env-enc` to add an encrypted `COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY` to your `.env.enc` file.

   ```shell
   npx env-enc set COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY "YOUR_COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY"
   ```

1. Prepare the store for your encrypted secrets file.
   1. Create a [AWS free tier account](https://aws.amazon.com/free/).

>    1. Follow [these steps](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/creating-bucket.html) to create a AWS S3 bucket. Choose a name for your bucket, set _ACLs enabled_, and turnoff _Block all public access_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Follow [these steps](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/creating-bucket.html) to create a AWS S3 bucket. Choose a name for your bucket, set _ACLs enabled_, and turn off _Block all public access_.
```
